feat: Update server resource and add BYOC architecture doc (#58)
tensorchord/modelz-docs: pages/byoc/installation.mdx

# BYOC Installation

> We offer two installation methods, depending on whether you are using kubernetes or vm. Both are very simple and you can deploy in less than 1 minute! they all need agent token, you can get it from ModelZ dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We offer two installation methods, depending on whether you are using Kubernetes or VM. Both are very simple and you can deploy in less than 1 minute! They all need agent token, you can get it from ModelZ dashboard.
```

![agent_token](./images/agent_token.jpg)

> ## VM

Reviewer 2: Is this method also suitable for a physical machine? If so, could we explain it could be a cloud vm or your home lab, or a single machine like in `architecture`?

Author: Yep, the physical machine is suitable, change VM to be a more common case LGTM.

      --mirror-endpoints https://quay.io   Mirror URL endpoints of the registry like https://quay.io
      --mirror-name string                 Mirror domain name of the registry (default "docker.io")
      --modelzcloud-agent-token string     ModelZ Cloud Agent Token
      --modelzcloud-enabled                Enable ModelZ Cloud Management
      --modelzcloud-region string          ModelZ Cloud Region (default "on-premises")
      --modelzcloud-url string             ModelZ Cloud URL (default "https://cloud.modelz.ai")

Global Flags:
      --debug               Enable debug logging
      --disable-telemetry   Disable anonymous telemetry
  -u, --url string          URL to use for the server (MDZ_URL) (default http://localhost:80)
  -v, --verbose             Verbose output
```

### Installation
```shell
$ mdz server start --modelzcloud-agent-token=byoc:cd4a928c-7c66-4934-beb2-98dd82d672ce:b1485312db327bd52a0f256872c090be2c11d451acc5f6ad9f473a181xxxxxx --modelzcloud-enabled=true --modelzcloud-region=us-central1-a 34.134.190.132
```
- `--modelzcloud-agent-token` is generated from ModelZ dashboard.
- `--modelzcloud-enabled` means enable ModelZ Cloud Management.

> - `--modelzcloud-region=us-central1-a` is the region of your owner VPC.

Reviewer 2: Is it `user VPC region` or `ModelZ cloud region`? Does it have a default value? Or maybe we would tell user we only have one region of ModelZ cloud now and its value could only be `us-central1-a`.

Author: the region is your own VPC not modelz region.

> - `34.134.190.132` is the LoadBalancer IP for ingress nginx.

Reviewer 2: How could our user get this IP?

Author: Already replenished.

You can check if the cluster is ready.
```shell
$mdz server list
NAME   PHASE  ALLOCATABLE     CAPACITY       

> cegao  Ready  cpu: 2          cpu: 2         

Reviewer: Not sure if it's a good idea to expose "cegao" everywhere in the doc. "Ubuntu20.04-GPU" might be better.

Author: lgtm

              memory: 5.3GiB  memory: 5.3GiB 
```

> If you want to add other VM as node of your cluster, you can refer this [document](https://docs.open.modelz.ai/).

Reviewer 2: Could it be `https://docs.open.modelz.ai/server/join`?

Author: It will be link error.

> If you want to add other VM as node of your cluster, you can refer this [document](https://docs.open.modelz.ai/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to add other VM as a node of your cluster, you can refer this [document](https://docs.open.modelz.ai/).
```

## Existed kubernetes
### Preparation
```

> wget https://get.helm.sh/helm-v3.12.3-linux-amd64.tar.gz

Reviewer 2: Could we point it to `https://helm.sh/docs/intro/install/` and tell user to install helm by its guild? Or do we need specific version v3.12.3?

Author: lgtm

```

### Installation
```shell
$ helm repo add modelz https://tensorchord.github.io/modelz-charts/
$ helm install \
--set gateway.modelzCloud.enabled=True \
--set gateway.modelzCloud.token=byoc:cd4a928c-7c66-4934-beb2-98dd82d672ce:b1485312db327bd52a0f256872c090be2c11d451acc5f6ad9f473a181xxxxxx \
modelz modelz/modelz
```
- `gateway.modelzCloud.enabled` means enable ModelZ Cloud Management.
- `gateway.modelzCloud.token` is generated from ModelZ dashboard.

You can check if the cluster is ready.
```shell
$ kubectl get pod
NAME                                         READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
autoscaler-778d5bcf4-kb9wn                   1/1     Running   0          13s
gateway-84bf688497-2pll7                     1/1     Running   0          13s
ingress-operator-5b45775955-9cfhs            1/1     Running   0          13s
modelz-kube-state-metrics-868559d899-cchlx   1/1     Running   0          13s
modelzetes-574999ff94-fhc5k                  1/1     Running   0          13s
prometheus-859bc89f79-9rr24                  1/1     Running   0          13s 
```

> If you successfully installed using any of the above methods, you can see your own cluster status on the ModelZ control dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the installation, you can see your own cluster status on the ModelZ control dashboard.
```
